hey there at throb for rampage shop calm
the reason for this video is I just want
to kind of give you an introduction to
getting started with your your red cat
rampage or really with anyone v scale
large scale RC that has a
gasoline-powered engine so you've taken
your rampage out of the box this video
here is just gonna kind of walk you
through just the very basics of getting
started getting organized I'll probably
do a few videos in this series that'll
that'll take you through getting
organized and actually firing up your
rampage for the first time so what I
suggest is this once you get your your
your rampage taken out of the box
whether it's an empty that I have
pictured here or any of the others or
they're virtually identical first thing
I would suggest you do is charge up your
receiver pack that's this big battery
here when you open up your box there
this should have been either in with
your instruction manual or it may have
been in the receiver case here or the
receiver box here so it goes inside
there so first thing I would do before
you do anything else pull this out and
get it
charging and a reason being is if you
use the factory charger which is this
one here it's gonna take between six and
eight hours so this is kind of an
overnight charger ideally what you'll do
though is pick up a fast charger whether
it be from me at rampage Shop calm I
kind of have a page there called I think
it's batteries and electronics you'll
find a fast charger there that'll charge
this up in an hour so I do have other
chargers so I charge this at 2.5 amps it
took one hour give or take I think was
actually an hour and five minutes so get
this going on your charger right away
now the next thing I would do is I would
go through the truck from end to end
upside down all through and check every
single screw on it to make sure it's
tight and everything looks good so just
check everything every nut every bolt
every screw a lot of guys will say oh
you know what you got to totally
dismantle it and thread lock it the
factory is using thread lock compound so
it's entirely up to you I don't really
have the patience for stripping my brand
new truck down all the way down to the
chassis and going through it you might I
don't so what I would suggest is just go
through check everything after you know
you run it for 5-10 minutes whatever
check all the screws again
after every single run before and after
every single run check every single
screw on it you know especially the
wheel nuts anything to do with the
throttle linkage the brake linkage stuff
like that these view vibrate like crazy
so everything's going to come loose is
just the nature of the beast so don't
stress if things come loose but what you
want to do is just check things over on
a regular basis make sure it's tight I
don't have it on display here but you
what you also want to do is oil your air
filter this particular one came in dry
sometimes they do have some oil there's
a couple of different filters out there
if yours looks like this you want to oil
the outer filter there's a ton of videos
on YouTube how to oil an air filter
usually it's sounding like a 1/8 buggy
or something it's the same principle go
down to the local hobby shop pick up
some air filter oil buy it online or you
can just use like K&N filter oil from
the auto parts store and oil your filter
very very very important I can't stress
enough how important that is I don't
have any oil on display right here but
you must oil your filter ok guys next up
you want to get some double-a batteries
for your transmitter they go in the
bottom of your transmitter now there's a
couple of different transmitters
available with the rampages some take
for doublea's some take 8 I do have
these Tenergy batteries these are
rechargeable batteries these are
available from rampage shop calm I
actually really like him and that's not
just a sales pitch I've got a little
tiny red cat what do they call it sumo
and I bought that for my son to use and
we had some challenges with it initially
I thought I had good batteries in it
I put some energizer energizer
rechargeables and it didn't work very
well but then I threw in some Tenergy
batteries that I got from Red Cat and
now that I sell on rampage shop calm and
they're the only batteries I've found
that actually working a little sumo so
they're a really powerful little battery
and I do have a fast charger that will
charge those in about four hours as well
if you want so
you've checked all your screws you've
got your battery on the charger have a
flip through the users manual
I'll be the first to admit it's a
horrible horrible manner manual but have
a look through if you're if you're new
to 5th scale and to two-stroke engines
it'll kind of give you a little bit of
information will break in and such again
terrible manual but have a flip through
while you're at it you're definitely
gonna need some two-stroke oil and
you're going to need some gasoline
so I've got a little gas can here and a
Bickel amsoil interceptor this is like a
lifetime supply of oil for me and I
unfortunately don't get a lot of time to
run so I just get a little bit of fuel
like a gallon in there and I'll just
make up mix up a small batch and you
want to mix it 25 to 1 that's the ratio
I'll have a link below this video
whether you're watching it on my blog or
on my youtube channel how to figure out
how to mix your fuel property just
remember 25 to 1 is your ratio lots of
information out there how to do it but
I'll have a link and I already have a
blog post to a couple of iPhone apps and
a website that'll show you exactly how
to mix the fuel nice and easy
again I don't get a lot of time to run
so I just do a little tiny bit of fuel
at a time so it doesn't go stale on me
common common question I get all the
time is what oil do I use quite honestly
it doesn't matter very much if you're a
basher like me just make sure you get a
good quality a good quality oil
I prefer AMSOIL but here's here's kind
of the disclaimer I'm an Emma's wheel
dealer so my preference of courses
amsoil
there will be a link below this blog
post or this video where you can buy it
and if you do buy it through that link
I'll earn a small Commission so I
appreciate that very much of this video
helped you know some guys will say never
use a synthetic oil during break and
always use a conventional oil you know
what I've done both ways I've gone
straight to synthetic I've used
conventional it in my opinion and guys
will argue with me it doesn't matter if
you use a high quality synthetic oil
right from the beginning I don't think
you can go wrong now AMSOIL oil does say
you can go fifty to one but you know
what even though I have faith in am
soils marketing and their and their
whatever their development I'm gonna
still mix mine 25 to one just to be sure
little extra oil doesn't go any or won't
do any harm so that's pretty much it so
take it out of the box get your battery
on the charger one hour if you're using
a fast charger give or take six to eight
hours if you're using the included
charger this is going to go back in here
the lid goes back on the antenna pokes
through that hole and you put a little
strong that's in here your manual check
every screw throughout the whole truck
every nut bolt screw fastener
everything before your first run during
your run after your run that's gonna
save you a ton of headache good quality
batteries inside your transmitter
whether they're the rechargeables for me
or whatever some Duracell some energizer
just make sure you've got a good strong
charge in here mix up your fuel 25 to 1
again
I like the AMSOIL interceptor but use
whatever oil you like a good quality oil
don't get the el cheapo stuff from from
whatever from Home Depot or Lowe's or
something get something good quality mix
up your batch fuel that's pretty much it
stay tuned for the next part in this
video series I think what I'm gonna do
now is actually mix up the fuel and take
it outside and fire it up and I'll show
you how to fire it up for the first time
ok talk to you soon bye